Update NodeJS default version (#1596)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/ruby/rails/2000-01-01-start.md

Latest version of Rails application also use Node.js in case ExecJS or
Webpacker is detected. The Node.js version built inside the Ruby buildpack is

> frozen. It is 16.13.1 LTS version at the time of writing.

Author: Should we say `16.*` or something less specific to not have to update this doc every time ?

Reviewer: Yes please 👍🏾 
```suggestion
frozen. It is the latest version of the LTS 16.x at the time of writing.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion !
